Declare Squad Definition Variable
Declare a Squad Definition variable with a custom Identifier. Variable declarations do not require an event node to trigger. They are automatically performed with the node graph script is run.



Declare Squad Variable
Declare a Squad variable with a custom Identifier. Variable declarations do not require an event node to trigger. They are automatically performed with the node graph script is run.



Declare Wave Manager Variable
Declare a Wave Manager variable with a custom identifier. Variable declarations do not require an event node to trigger. They are automatically performed with the node graph script is run.



Declare Wave Variable
Declare an Wave variable with a custom Identifier. Variable declarations do not require an event node to trigger. They are automatically performed with the node graph script is run.



Get Squad Definition Variable
Get the Squad Definition variable stored with the matching identifier in the matching Scope. The Object pin is only used when accessing the Object scope.



Get Squad Variable
Get the Squad variable stored with the matching identifier in the matching Scope. The Object pin is only used when accessing the Object scope.



Get Wave Manager Variable
Get the Wave Manager variable stored with the matching identifier in the matching Scope. The Object pin is only used when accessing the Object scope.



Get Wave Variable
Get the Wave variable stored with the matching identifier in the matching Scope. The Object pin is only used when accessing the Object scope.

---------
Set Squad Definition Variable
Set the Squad Definition variable stored with the matching identifier in the matching Scope. The Object pin is only used when accessing the Object scope.



Set Squad Variable
Set the Squad variable stored with the matching identifier in the matching Scope. The Object pin is only used when accessing the Object scope.



Set Wave Manager Variable
Set the Wave Manager variable stored with the matching identifier in the matching Scope. The Object pin is only used when accessing the Object scope.



Set Wave Variable
Set the Wave variable stored with the matching identifier in the matching Scope. The Object pin is only used when accessing the Object scope.





